Add wording for enterprise page (#16560)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/mongodb-sharded/README.md

Disclaimer: The respective trademarks mentioned in the offering are owned by the respective companies. We do not provide a commercial license for any of these products. This listing has an open-source license. MongoDB(R) is run and maintained by MongoDB, which is a completely separate project from Bitnami.

> Looking to use MongoDB## TL;DRreg; Sharded in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to use MongoDB&reg; Sharded in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.
```
